>>> WELCOME BACK.
>>> WELCOME BACK. THIS WAS A WEEK IN WHICH WE SAW
THIS WAS A WEEK IN WHICH WE SAW PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FORMER
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FORMER CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN PAUL MANAFORT
CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN PAUL MANAFORT GET SENTENCED TO PRISON.
GET SENTENCED TO PRISON. THE MAN WHO MADE SURE DONALD
THE MAN WHO MADE SURE DONALD TRUMP SECURED THE DOMINATION FOR
TRUMP SECURED THE DOMINATION FOR THE PRESIDENCY, WAS SENTENCED TO
THE PRESIDENCY, WAS SENTENCED TO PRISON, WITH SENTENCING IN
PRISON, WITH SENTENCING IN ANOTHER CASE COMING THIS WEEK.
ANOTHER CASE COMING THIS WEEK. WE SAW MR. TRUMP AND COHEN CALL
WE SAW MR. TRUMP AND COHEN CALL EACH OTHER A LIAR, OVER WHETHER
EACH OTHER A LIAR, OVER WHETHER COHEN SOUGHT A PARDON FROM THE
COHEN SOUGHT A PARDON FROM THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. WE’RE GOING TO TURN TO ADAM
WE’RE GOING TO TURN TO ADAM SCHIFF, WHO JOINS ME FROM LOS
SCHIFF, WHO JOINS ME FROM LOS ANGELES.
ANGELES. AND ON SPRING-FORWARD DAY I’M
AND ON SPRING-FORWARD DAY I’M GRATEFUL FOR YOU GETTING UP THAT
GRATEFUL FOR YOU GETTING UP THAT HOUR EARLIER.
HOUR EARLIER. WELCOME BACK TO "MEET THE
WELCOME BACK TO "MEET THE PRESS," THEIR.
PRESS," THEIR. >> THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU. >> LET ME START WITH WHO IS
>> LET ME START WITH WHO IS LYING?
LYING? WHEN IT COMES TO MICHAEL COHEN
WHEN IT COMES TO MICHAEL COHEN ASKED FOR A PARDON.
ASKED FOR A PARDON. AND DID MICHAEL COHEN LIE TO
AND DID MICHAEL COHEN LIE TO CONGRESS AGAIN?
CONGRESS AGAIN? >> WELL, THE CENTRAL QUESTION OF
>> WELL, THE CENTRAL QUESTION OF OUR INVESTIGATION IS, WHY DID
OUR INVESTIGATION IS, WHY DID MICHAEL COHEN LIE BEFORE OUR
MICHAEL COHEN LIE BEFORE OUR COMMITTEE ABOUT MOSCOW TRUMP
COMMITTEE ABOUT MOSCOW TRUMP TOWER?
TOWER? WHY WOULD THIS BE IN HIS
WHY WOULD THIS BE IN HIS INTEREST?
INTEREST? WAS THIS SOMETHING THAT HE DID
WAS THIS SOMETHING THAT HE DID ALONE OR WERE THERE OTHERS
ALONE OR WERE THERE OTHERS INVOLVED IN IT?
INVOLVED IN IT? AND THERE ARE REASONS TO BELIEVE
AND THERE ARE REASONS TO BELIEVE THAT THIS WAS NOT A LONE
THAT THIS WAS NOT A LONE DECISION ON MICHAEL COHEN.
DECISION ON MICHAEL COHEN. WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR IS
WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR IS CORROBORATIVE EVIDENCE.
CORROBORATIVE EVIDENCE. AND THE REASON WHY THIS WHOLE
AND THE REASON WHY THIS WHOLE MOSCOW TRUMP TOWER ISSUE IS SO
MOSCOW TRUMP TOWER ISSUE IS SO CENTRAL TO OUR INVESTIGATION IS,
CENTRAL TO OUR INVESTIGATION IS, THAT IT EXPLAINS OR POTENTIALLY
THAT IT EXPLAINS OR POTENTIALLY EXPLAINS THE PRESIDENT’S BIZARRE
EXPLAINS THE PRESIDENT’S BIZARRE AFFINITY FOR VLADIMIR PUTIN.
AFFINITY FOR VLADIMIR PUTIN. AND THAT IS, HE STOOD TO MAKE
AND THAT IS, HE STOOD TO MAKE MORE MONEY FROM THIS TRANSACTION
MORE MONEY FROM THIS TRANSACTION THAN ANY DEAL IN HIS LIFE.
THAN ANY DEAL IN HIS LIFE. AND SOUGHT THE KREMLIN’S HELP TO
AND SOUGHT THE KREMLIN’S HELP TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN WHILE
MAKE THIS HAPPEN WHILE CONCEALING THIS FROM THE PUBLIC.
CONCEALING THIS FROM THE PUBLIC. THAT MAY BE AN ANIMATED
THAT MAY BE AN ANIMATED PRINCIPLE FOR THE PRESIDENT.
PRINCIPLE FOR THE PRESIDENT. HE MAY BELIEVE THAT WHEN HE
HE MAY BELIEVE THAT WHEN HE LEAVES OFFICE, HE STILL WANTS TO
LEAVES OFFICE, HE STILL WANTS TO BUILD THIS TOWER.
BUILD THIS TOWER. AND WHILE THAT MAY NOT BE
AND WHILE THAT MAY NOT BE CRIMINAL, IT IS NONETHELESS
CRIMINAL, IT IS NONETHELESS CORRUPT AND DISTORTS OUR
CORRUPT AND DISTORTS OUR POLICIES.
POLICIES. THAT IS CERTAINLY THE CENTRAL
THAT IS CERTAINLY THE CENTRAL QUESTION FOR US.
QUESTION FOR US. IN TERMS OF WHO IS TELLING THE
IN TERMS OF WHO IS TELLING THE TRUTH BETWEEN MICHAEL COHEN AND
TRUTH BETWEEN MICHAEL COHEN AND THE PRESIDENT, WE KNOW THAT THE
THE PRESIDENT, WE KNOW THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS MADE PROBABLY OVER
PRESIDENT HAS MADE PROBABLY OVER 1,000 FALSE STATEMENTS ABOUT THE
1,000 FALSE STATEMENTS ABOUT THE RUSSIA ISSUES.
RUSSIA ISSUES. AND HERE, WE’RE GOING TO HAVE TO
AND HERE, WE’RE GOING TO HAVE TO FIND WHAT CORROBORATION WE CAN
FIND WHAT CORROBORATION WE CAN TO FIND OUT WHERE THE TRUTH
TO FIND OUT WHERE THE TRUTH LIES.
LIES. >> IS IT SAFE TO SAY YOU CAN’T
>> IS IT SAFE TO SAY YOU CAN’T TAKE MICHAEL COHEN ON HIS WORD
TAKE MICHAEL COHEN ON HIS WORD ON ANYTHING?
ON ANYTHING? >> I DON’T THINK IN TERMS OF
>> I DON’T THINK IN TERMS OF MAKING THE CASE TO THE PUBLIC --
MAKING THE CASE TO THE PUBLIC -- AND HERE, WE’RE NOT MAKING THE
AND HERE, WE’RE NOT MAKING THE DISTO
DISTO CASE TO A JURY, THAT WE CAN RELY
CASE TO A JURY, THAT WE CAN RELY ON THE TESTIMONY OF MICHAEL
ON THE TESTIMONY OF MICHAEL COHEN.
COHEN. WE’RE GOING TO NEED
WE’RE GOING TO NEED CORROBORATION.
CORROBORATION. LOOKING AT WHAT MICHAEL COHEN
LOOKING AT WHAT MICHAEL COHEN SAID IN THE OPEN HEARING AND
SAID IN THE OPEN HEARING AND WHAT HIS LAWYER SAID AFTERWARDS,
WHAT HIS LAWYER SAID AFTERWARDS, IT WAS LIKE WHAT DONALD TRUMP
IT WAS LIKE WHAT DONALD TRUMP DID WHEN HE SAID HE HAD NO
DID WHEN HE SAID HE HAD NO KNOWLEDGE OF THE PAYMENTS TO
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PAYMENTS TO STORMY DANIELS.
STORMY DANIELS. AND RUDY GIULIANI SAID, OH, YES,
AND RUDY GIULIANI SAID, OH, YES, HE DID.
HE DID. WHERE IS THE TRUTH THERE?
WHERE IS THE TRUTH THERE? WE ASK MICHAEL COHEN ABOUT THIS
WE ASK MICHAEL COHEN ABOUT THIS EXTENSIVELY.
EXTENSIVELY. THOSE TRANSCRIPTS WILL BE MADE
THOSE TRANSCRIPTS WILL BE MADE PUBLIC.
PUBLIC. THE PUBLIC CAN EVALUATE HIS
THE PUBLIC CAN EVALUATE HIS CREDIBILITY THEMSELVES.
CREDIBILITY THEMSELVES. >> YOU KNOW, IT LOOKS LIKE WE
>> YOU KNOW, IT LOOKS LIKE WE DON’T KNOW THIS FOR SURE, BUT IT
DON’T KNOW THIS FOR SURE, BUT IT LOOKS LIKE ROBERT MUELLER WILL
LOOKS LIKE ROBERT MUELLER WILL COMPLETE HIS INVESTIGATION
COMPLETE HIS INVESTIGATION WITHOUT SUBPOENAING THE
WITHOUT SUBPOENAING THE PRESIDENT BEFORE THE GRAND JURY
PRESIDENT BEFORE THE GRAND JURY OR COMING UP WITH A WAY TO HAVE
OR COMING UP WITH A WAY TO HAVE HIM INTERVIEWED BEFORE THE GRAND
HIM INTERVIEWED BEFORE THE GRAND JURY.
JURY. PRESIDENT CLINTON WENT BEFORE
PRESIDENT CLINTON WENT BEFORE KEN STARR’S GRAND JURY.
KEN STARR’S GRAND JURY. IF, INDEED, MR. MUELLER DECIDES
IF, INDEED, MR. MUELLER DECIDES NOT TO ISSUE THAT SUBPOENA OR
NOT TO ISSUE THAT SUBPOENA OR FIGURE OUT HOW TO GET THE
FIGURE OUT HOW TO GET THE PRESIDENT IN FRONT OF THAT GRAND
PRESIDENT IN FRONT OF THAT GRAND JURY, IS THAT GOING TO HAVE BEEN
JURY, IS THAT GOING TO HAVE BEEN A MISTAKE, CONSIDERING WE HAVE
A MISTAKE, CONSIDERING WE HAVE SO MANY QUESTIONS ABOUT WHO’S
SO MANY QUESTIONS ABOUT WHO’S TESTIMONY SHOULD YOU BELIEVE?
TESTIMONY SHOULD YOU BELIEVE? MICHAEL COHEN’S OR DONALD
MICHAEL COHEN’S OR DONALD TRUMP’S?
TRUMP’S? >> YES, I THINK IT IS A MISTAKE.
>> YES, I THINK IT IS A MISTAKE. I SAID ALL ALONG THAT I DON’T
I SAID ALL ALONG THAT I DON’T THINK BOB MUELLER SHOULD RELY ON
THINK BOB MUELLER SHOULD RELY ON WRITTEN ANSWERS.
WRITTEN ANSWERS. WHEN YOU GET WRITTEN ANSWERS
WHEN YOU GET WRITTEN ANSWERS FROM A WITNESS, IT’S REALLY THE
FROM A WITNESS, IT’S REALLY THE LAWYERS’ ANSWERS AS MUCH AS THE
LAWYERS’ ANSWERS AS MUCH AS THE CLIENT’S ANSWER.
CLIENT’S ANSWER. YOU NEED TO BE ABLE TO ASK
YOU NEED TO BE ABLE TO ASK FOLLOW-UP QUESTIONS IN
FOLLOW-UP QUESTIONS IN REAL-TIME.
REAL-TIME. BUT I THINK THE CONSTRAINT THAT
BUT I THINK THE CONSTRAINT THAT BOB MUELLER IS OPERATING UNDER,
BOB MUELLER IS OPERATING UNDER, HE HAD AN ACTING ATTORNEY
HE HAD AN ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL WHO WAS APPOINTED
GENERAL WHO WAS APPOINTED BECAUSE HE WOULD BE HOSTILE TO A
BECAUSE HE WOULD BE HOSTILE TO A SUBPOENA ON THE PRESIDENT.
SUBPOENA ON THE PRESIDENT. AND NOW, HE HAS A PERMANENT
AND NOW, HE HAS A PERMANENT ATTORNEY GENERAL WHO HAS CHOSEN
ATTORNEY GENERAL WHO HAS CHOSEN FOR THE SAME HOSTILITY TO HIS
FOR THE SAME HOSTILITY TO HIS INVESTIGATION, WHO WOULD LIKELY
INVESTIGATION, WHO WOULD LIKELY OPPOSE THAT STEP.
OPPOSE THAT STEP. I ALSO THINK THE SPECIAL COUNSEL
I ALSO THINK THE SPECIAL COUNSEL FEELS SOME TIME PRESSURE TO
FEELS SOME TIME PRESSURE TO CONCLUDE HIS WORK AND KNOWING
CONCLUDE HIS WORK AND KNOWING THE WHITE HOUSE WOULD DRAG OUT A
THE WHITE HOUSE WOULD DRAG OUT A FIGHT OVER THE SUBPOENA.
FIGHT OVER THE SUBPOENA. THAT MAY BE AN ISSUE, AS WELL.
THAT MAY BE AN ISSUE, AS WELL. I THINK ULTIMATELY IT’S A
I THINK ULTIMATELY IT’S A MISTAKE BECAUSE PROBABLY THE
MISTAKE BECAUSE PROBABLY THE BEST WAY TO GET THE TRUTH WOULD
BEST WAY TO GET THE TRUTH WOULD BE TO PUT THE PRESIDENT UNDER
BE TO PUT THE PRESIDENT UNDER OATH.
OATH. AS HE’S MADE PLAIN IN THE PAST,
AS HE’S MADE PLAIN IN THE PAST, HE FEELS IT’S FINE TO LIE TO THE
HE FEELS IT’S FINE TO LIE TO THE PUBLIC AFTER ALL HE HAS SAID,
PUBLIC AFTER ALL HE HAS SAID, IT’S NOT LIKE I’M TALKING BEFORE
IT’S NOT LIKE I’M TALKING BEFORE A MAGISTRATE.
A MAGISTRATE. MAYBE HE SHOULD TALK BEFORE
MAYBE HE SHOULD TALK BEFORE MAGISTRATE.
MAGISTRATE. >> I WANT TO MOVE TO SOMETHING
>> I WANT TO MOVE TO SOMETHING THAT WAS A BIT CONFUSING.
THAT WAS A BIT CONFUSING. ERIK PRINCE, THE BROTHER OF THE
ERIK PRINCE, THE BROTHER OF THE SECRETARY OF EDUCATION, BUT ALSO
SECRETARY OF EDUCATION, BUT ALSO HAS BEEN BEFORE YOUR COMMITTEE,
HAS BEEN BEFORE YOUR COMMITTEE, HAVING TO DO WITH SOME ODD MEETS
HAVING TO DO WITH SOME ODD MEETS THAT HE HAD SET UP IN THE
THAT HE HAD SET UP IN THE SEYCHELLES
SEYCHELLES SEYCHELLES.
SEYCHELLES. HE WAS ON AILL-JAZEERA AND HE WA
HE WAS ON AILL-JAZEERA AND HE WA ASKED ABOUT SOME TESTIMONY TO
ASKED ABOUT SOME TESTIMONY TO YOUR COMMITTEE AND ABOUT WHETHER
YOUR COMMITTEE AND ABOUT WHETHER HE LIED OR NOT.
HE LIED OR NOT. TAKE A LISTEN.
TAKE A LISTEN. >> WE’RE THERE TO TALK ABOUT
>> WE’RE THERE TO TALK ABOUT IRAN POLICY.
IRAN POLICY. >> THERE TO TALK ABOUT IRAN
>> THERE TO TALK ABOUT IRAN POLICY?
POLICY? ISN’T THAT IMPORTANT TO DISCLOSE
ISN’T THAT IMPORTANT TO DISCLOSE TO THE HOUSE COMMITTEE UNDER
TO THE HOUSE COMMITTEE UNDER OATH?
OATH? >> I DID.
>> I DID. >> THERE’S NO MENTION OF THE
>> THERE’S NO MENTION OF THE TRUMP TOWER MEETING IN 2016.
TRUMP TOWER MEETING IN 2016. WHY NOT?
WHY NOT? >> I DON’T KNOW IF THEY GOT THE
>> I DON’T KNOW IF THEY GOT THE TRANSCRIPT WRONG.
TRANSCRIPT WRONG. >> SO, THIS WAS ABOUT ANOTHER
>> SO, THIS WAS ABOUT ANOTHER MEETING THAT ERIK PRINCE HAD, I
MEETING THAT ERIK PRINCE HAD, I BELIEVE WITH SOME OTHER
BELIEVE WITH SOME OTHER REPRESENTATIVES OF OTHER
REPRESENTATIVES OF OTHER COUNTRIES, IN TRUMP TOWER, THE
COUNTRIES, IN TRUMP TOWER, THE SECOND SO-CALLED TRUMP TOWER
SECOND SO-CALLED TRUMP TOWER MEETING, NOT WITH RUSSIANS BUT
MEETING, NOT WITH RUSSIANS BUT WITH OTHER FOREIGN COUNTRIES.
WITH OTHER FOREIGN COUNTRIES. BASED ON WHAT YOU HEARD THERE,
BASED ON WHAT YOU HEARD THERE, IS MR. PRINCE FELLTELLING THE TR
IS MR. PRINCE FELLTELLING THE TR >> HE’S NOT TELLING THE TRUTH ON
>> HE’S NOT TELLING THE TRUTH ON THAT INTERVIEW.
THAT INTERVIEW. THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG WITH
THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG WITH OUR TRANSCRIPT.
OUR TRANSCRIPT. THERE WAS NOTHING WRONG WITH THE
THERE WAS NOTHING WRONG WITH THE REPORTER WHO TRANSCRIBED HIS
REPORTER WHO TRANSCRIBED HIS TESTIMONY.
TESTIMONY. HE DID NOT DISCLOSE THAT MEETING
HE DID NOT DISCLOSE THAT MEETING TO OUR COMMITTEE.
TO OUR COMMITTEE. AND AS YOU CAN SEE FROM THE
AND AS YOU CAN SEE FROM THE PUBLISHED TRANSCRIPT OF HIS
PUBLISHED TRANSCRIPT OF HIS INTERVIEW, HE WAS ASKED WHAT
INTERVIEW, HE WAS ASKED WHAT KIND OF ROLE HE PLAYED, IF ANY,
KIND OF ROLE HE PLAYED, IF ANY, IN THE CAMPAIGN, AND HE SAID HE
IN THE CAMPAIGN, AND HE SAID HE HAD NO ROLE, APART FROM ON HIS
HAD NO ROLE, APART FROM ON HIS OWN SUBMITTING WRITTEN PAPERS,
OWN SUBMITTING WRITTEN PAPERS, HANGING A YARD SIGN OR MAKING A
HANGING A YARD SIGN OR MAKING A CONTRIBUTION.
CONTRIBUTION. AND HE WAS ALSO ASKED ABOUT ANY
AND HE WAS ALSO ASKED ABOUT ANY SUBSTANTIVE POLICY CONVERSATIONS
SUBSTANTIVE POLICY CONVERSATIONS THAT HE MIGHT HAVE HAD.
THAT HE MIGHT HAVE HAD. SO, HIS INTERVIEW WAS CERTAINLY
SO, HIS INTERVIEW WAS CERTAINLY LOOKS INCONSISTENT WITH HIS
LOOKS INCONSISTENT WITH HIS TESTIMONY.
TESTIMONY. BOB MUELLER HAS THAT TESTIMONY
BOB MUELLER HAS THAT TESTIMONY ALREADY.
ALREADY. AND BOB MUELLER WILL HAVE TO
AND BOB MUELLER WILL HAVE TO MAKE THE DECISION ABOUT WHETHER
MAKE THE DECISION ABOUT WHETHER THAT RISES TO THE LEVEL OF
THAT RISES TO THE LEVEL OF DELIBERATE FALSEHOOD.
DELIBERATE FALSEHOOD. WE HAD QUESTIONS AT THE TIME OF
WE HAD QUESTIONS AT THE TIME OF HIS TESTIMONY ABOUT HIS CANDOR
HIS TESTIMONY ABOUT HIS CANDOR AND HOW FORTHCOMING HE WAS AND
AND HOW FORTHCOMING HE WAS AND THOSE QUESTIONS HAVE BEEN
THOSE QUESTIONS HAVE BEEN HEIGHTENED NOW.
HEIGHTENED NOW. >> WHAT IS YOUR CONCERN ABOUT
>> WHAT IS YOUR CONCERN ABOUT WHAT HE WAS DOING?
WHAT HE WAS DOING? >> THE CONCERN IS THAT THIS IS
>> THE CONCERN IS THAT THIS IS ANOTHER CONCEALED MEETING.
ANOTHER CONCEALED MEETING. ANOTHER DISCUSSION THAT TOOK
ANOTHER DISCUSSION THAT TOOK PLACE IN THE CONTEXT OF THE
PLACE IN THE CONTEXT OF THE MEETING THAT HE HAD IN THE
MEETING THAT HE HAD IN THE SEYCHELLES
SEYCHELLES SEYCHELLES.
SEYCHELLES. THERE HAVE BEEN PERSISTENT
THERE HAVE BEEN PERSISTENT QUESTIONS ABOUT WHETHER THE UAE
QUESTIONS ABOUT WHETHER THE UAE WAS PLAYING A BACK CHANNEL ROLE
WAS PLAYING A BACK CHANNEL ROLE TO THE RUSSIANS DURING THE
TO THE RUSSIANS DURING THE CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. AND THOSE WERE A LOT OF THE
AND THOSE WERE A LOT OF THE QUESTIONS THAT WE WERE ASKING
QUESTIONS THAT WE WERE ASKING HIM ABOUT.
HIM ABOUT. CLEARLY, THIS MEETING AT TRUMP
CLEARLY, THIS MEETING AT TRUMP TOWER WITH THESE PLAYERS, WAS OF
TOWER WITH THESE PLAYERS, WAS OF DIRECT INTEREST TO OUR
DIRECT INTEREST TO OUR COMMITTEE.
COMMITTEE. SO, WHY CONCEAL IT?
SO, WHY CONCEAL IT? WHY WITHHOLD THAT INFORMATION IF
WHY WITHHOLD THAT INFORMATION IF THERE WAS NOTHING IMPROPER, NO
THERE WAS NOTHING IMPROPER, NO IMPROPER PURPOSE IN IT?
IMPROPER PURPOSE IN IT? THERE ARE A LOT OF DEEPLY
THERE ARE A LOT OF DEEPLY CONCERNING AND UNANSWERED
CONCERNING AND UNANSWERED QUESTIONS SURROUNDING ERIK
QUESTIONS SURROUNDING ERIK PRINCE AND HIS INVOLVEMENT WITH
PRINCE AND HIS INVOLVEMENT WITH THE CAMPAIGN.
THE CAMPAIGN. >> ALL RIGHT.
>> ALL RIGHT. ADAM SCHIFF, I WILL LEAVE IT
ADAM SCHIFF, I WILL LEAVE IT THERE.
THERE. THE DEMOCRATIC LEAD ON THE HOUSE